probably the biggest and most important thing in life
a thing he can't do or
makes it worse than me is a director I know how
do it but he doesn't but he doesn't know how
hockey play in general he can not stand
skating on roller skates does not know how he
not even a quarter can do that
what can i do on the computer at all
here he speaks a hundred times worse than me
a hundred times worse than me speak
foreign languages
I basically almost perfectly mastered
english language and very good
speak chinese and he doesn't
can do no one knew how to drive a car
definitely it is very controversial
question for us he disagrees with that
but if paragraph b is used, we will exit
parallel place you are an hour earlier
I come there and in rare cases when he
me somewhere overtaking lady navigator died
one more is a rare case then
remembers there for two years
why are you lying all or something else or
once it's a shame and such a thing for
I took us on my autoradio
participation just race on by or russian
I don’t remember Moscow
rules are okay in the sense of breaking
rules but not boundless
cork all things going somewhere like
ordinary person as a driver like
chauffeur on he turns out took out
facing the policeman came retouch
policeman race so and so it is possible and there
four ways crossed he blocked him
movement he crossed the line for 40 minutes
I used to come all and I am ahead
he was already behind him
with full confidence I see he is not
it overtakes even the mirrors there back
come it is worth the game somehow
and everything and he considered that he won the race
this is not true even when we bought
SUVs
I did everything to ensure that
I have a long SUV weaker than him
so he can easily get me on the way
catch up
overtake thing because i don't care
even with a weak motor anyway its
warm up catch up but so he wants all the time
and the stove themselves do not like to admit so
and he became there about the director probably yes
no, I admit it
1tb net.ru
see what I want